Readme.md, before:

# FindSurface-Samples / BasicSample / Readme.md
**Curv*Surf* FindSurface™ SDK** Samples - BasicSample

Overview
--------

This sample source code presents the simplest usage of FindSurface SDK.

The sample program reads sample.xyz file and automatically finds primitives around pre-defined positions.

**The sample only runs with our FindSurface SDK library files (FindSurface.dll, etc.).**

**You must either [request a free trial](http://developers.curvsurf.com/licenses.jsp) or [purchase a license](https://developers.curvsurf.com/licenses.jsp) to activate the library files.**


Quick Start
------------

### Building the sample

Download FindSurface SDK library files at [our developer website](https://developers.curvsurf.com/downloads.jsp).

Copy the lib directory in the zip file to BasicSample/vs14/libFindSurface. Or you may update the library path in the BasicSample.vcxproj file.

### Getting Started to develop your own application

Our [developer website](https://developers.curvsurf.com/documentation.jsp) provides detailed instruction on how to develop by using FindSurface SDK.


CONTACT
-------

Send an email to support@curvsurf.com to contact our support team.

Commit message:

modify Readme.md so it tells you have to download sample.xyz

Readme.md, after:

# FindSurface-Samples / BasicSample / Readme.md
**Curv*Surf* FindSurface™ SDK** Samples - BasicSample

Overview
--------

This sample source code presents the simplest usage of FindSurface SDK.

The sample program reads sample.xyz file and automatically finds primitives around pre-defined positions. Without the sample.xyz file, it won't work at all, so make sure that you download the file [here](https://github.com/CurvSurf/FindSurface-Sample-BasicSample/releases).

**The sample only runs with our FindSurface SDK library files (FindSurface.dll, etc.).**

**You must either [request a free trial](http://developers.curvsurf.com/licenses.jsp) or [purchase a license](https://developers.curvsurf.com/licenses.jsp) to activate the library files.**


Quick Start
------------

### Building the sample

Download FindSurface SDK library files at [our developer website](https://developers.curvsurf.com/downloads.jsp).

Copy the lib directory in the zip file to BasicSample/vs14/libFindSurface. Or you may update the library path in the BasicSample.vcxproj file.

### Getting Started to develop your own application

Our [developer website](https://developers.curvsurf.com/documentation.jsp) provides detailed instruction on how to develop by using FindSurface SDK.


CONTACT
-------

Send an email to support@curvsurf.com to contact our support team.
